scripts: Improve error importing Reg (#8533)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-ValidationLayers: docs/generated_code.md

- [Adding and Editing code generation](#adding-and-editing-code-generation)
- [How it works](#how-it-works)

# Dependency

> `pyparsing` is required so if no installed, you will need to call `pip install pyparsing`

Reviewer: Did you mean `not installed`? Even so the sentence seems a bit broken

Author: ```suggestion
`pyparsing` is required, so if it is not installed, you will need to call `pip install pyparsing`
```
